I am the young master of the Zhao family
How dare you do this to me?
Wait for my Zhao family to come
I will crush your bones
What's your dog's name?
Shine your shoes for uncle
You wait for me.
I won't let you go
Li Lan, it's too late for you to regret it now
The Zhao family didn't say that we could offend him
Fool, now I'm back.
There is no one in Jiangcheng
It's worth saying the four words you can't offend
Besides, what Zhao Kai did to you and Yaoyao
Just pick him up
It's too cheap for him.
What makes you so awesome?
Do you think you are the eldest sister of Hong Xiu?
Now I just make a random phone call
You can die without a burial
Hahaha joke
As early as 7 years ago
No one dares to be so indulgent in front of me
I'd like to see the person behind you
Leave me dead
Brother-in-law, I got beaten up
He didn't take the Zhao family seriously at all
Bring him here to save me
You wait.
Wait for my brother-in-law to come
None of you can escape